Post on changes in the teams (#515)
crystal-lang/crystal-website: _posts/2023-11-08-changes-in-the-teams.md

---
title: A farewell and a (second) welcome
summary: Changes in the Crystal Team and the Core Team
thumbnail: +
author: beta-ziliani
release_notes: false
---

> The [conference](/events/2023-crystal-berlin) was a pivoting time for the Crystal Team —the team that works for Crystal at [Manas](https://manas.tech)— and the Core Team —the team that governs Crystal. For the Crystal Team, it meant the last event and posting by —now former— Crystal Community Manager, [Mekhla Mukherjee](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mekhla-mukherjee/). Mekhla has done a terrific job building the Ambassadors Program, helping organize the conference, and taking care of the general communications of the project. Unfortunately, the funding to keep a full-time position on communication for the program run out, so we are now back to the previous model of communication. Beta Ziliani will take care of the Ambassadors Program, and the communications will be handled by the team or an external party in a by-the-hour basis.

Author: ```suggestion
[CrystalConf 2023](/events/2023-crystal-berlin) was a pivoting time for the Crystal Team —the team that works for Crystal at [Manas](https://manas.tech/)— and the Core Team —the team that governs Crystal. For the Crystal Team, it meant the last event and posting by —now former— Crystal Community Manager, [Mekhla Mukherjee](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mekhla-mukherjee/). Mekhla has done a terrific job building the Ambassadors Program, helping organize the conference, and taking care of the general communications of the project. Unfortunately, the funding for a full-time Community Manager has run out.
We'll continue the community and communication efforts that we initiated in the past months. Beta Ziliani takes over as coordinator of the Ambassadors Program.
```

---
title: A farewell and a (second) welcome
summary: Changes in the Crystal Team and the Core Team
thumbnail: +
author: beta-ziliani
release_notes: false
---

> The [conference](/events/2023-crystal-berlin) was a pivoting time for the Crystal Team —the team that works for Crystal at [Manas](https://manas.tech)— and the Core Team —the team that governs Crystal. For the Crystal Team, it meant the last event and posting by —now former— Crystal Community Manager, [Mekhla Mukherjee](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mekhla-mukherjee/). Mekhla has done a terrific job building the Ambassadors Program, helping organize the conference, and taking care of the general communications of the project. Unfortunately, the funding for a full-time Community Manager has run out.

Reviewer: This change seems to have gotten lost:
```suggestion
[CrystalConf 2023](/events/2023-crystal-berlin) was a pivoting time for the Crystal Team —the team that works for Crystal at [Manas](https://manas.tech/)— and the Core Team —the team that governs Crystal. For the Crystal Team, it meant the last event and posting by —now former— Crystal Community Manager, [Mekhla Mukherjee](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mekhla-mukherjee/). Mekhla has done a terrific job building the Ambassadors Program, helping organize the conference, and taking care of the general communications of the project. Unfortunately, the funding for a full-time Community Manager has run out.
```
